hi everyone this is Millie welcome to my
kitchen and today I am going to make
another favorite dish of mine
Mishti Shuji of Shuji Kahala
Shuji is readily available and very
popular Indian isn't you know this is
one of the simplest and easiest sweets
to make at home so let's quickly look at
the ingredients for this recipe we need
1 cup semolina suji rawa 1 cup sugar
cardamom powder few threads of saffron
this is completely optional and I
already soaked in milk 2 cups of milk
cashew nuts resins roasted almonds and
key so let's get started first 4 key
into your cooking pan okay so our key is
now ready on low medium heat add
semolina stir it stir it continuously
and it will be nice and golden and also
evenly cooked so it's been 5 minutes see
this nice golden color
don't try it too much otherwise it will
turn into jars out and we don't want
that to happen now add the sugar stir it
you have to keep stirring it and you
have to be very gentle
now add the dry fruits cashew
make sure it makes us well and we are
ready for the milk
keep on stirring to make sure it is love
free okay so now I'm going to add the
saffron for additional flavor this is
completely optional as you can see it
has become soft and thick and we are
almost done lastly I will add cardamom
or a large powder mix it well and turn
off the heat garnish with little bit of
almonds and serve it but I like to eat
this one as a small sweets like pieces
so I have a plate here and I will grease
the plate with ghee okay so it's done
now I will pour it
spread it into an even layer smoothing
the top and I will keep it in the room
temperature until it is cooled down now
I'm going to cut it like a bear fishing
so I have this pizza cutter but you can
use knife as well
okay so for decoration I will add
roasted almonds
well it looks really nice
you can enjoy this mr sugi as a tasered
Hornet waistcoats with hot fried luigi
it took me about half an hour to prepare
this recipe and it will serve about two
to three people
you'll stay up to date with my latest
recipes make sure to subscribe to my
channel talking to everybody
I really thank all those who subscribe
comments and share my videos with all of
their friends and families thanks for
joining me today
have a lovely day